The Great Treasure of a Hundred Blessings: A Prayer for the Long Life of Ḍākinī Muntso Rinpoche
by His Holiness the Fourteenth Dalai Lama

om svasti
Oṃ svasti!
yé tong dömé rang tsal gak mé du
As the ceaseless natural expression of primordial emptiness,
lhun drup rol kü dzepa bum trowé
Myriad beautiful forms emanate in a spontaneously perfect display —
tsa sum gyalwa gyatsö trinlé kyi
Through the activity of the oceanic deities of the three roots,
gelek jin chen pobpé shipa tsol
May the auspiciousness of a great shower of virtue, excellence and blessings rain down!

mu mé si tsor lhungwé nyam tak dror
To wearied beings who fall endlessly into the ocean of existence,
dakpé yeshe nangwa chok tsol shying
Grant the supreme light of pure primordial wisdom!
tsön jung lhamo gyepé nyen gyur tong
To the reverend one skilled in proclaiming
drok khé jetsün ma la solwa dep
A thousand sweet sounds that delight the lake-born goddess, we pray!

ku tsé mingyur dorjé shi su tön
May your life remain secure in the immutable vajra nature!
trinlé dzepé chok kyi khorlor khyap
May your enlightened activity extend continuously in all directions!
nyer drel chö yön damtsik tsangma yi
With pure commitments among all connections, teacher and patrons,
ten dröi pen dé ring du kyong gyur chik
May the welfare of the teachings and beings be sustained long into the future!

kyab né gyalpö tuk kyé zabmo dang
Through the profound aspirations of the victorious sources of refuge
tu dan ten sung gyatsö nu tüi tob
The force of the powerful guardians of the teachings,
yo mé lhaksam denpé ré mön lé
And our sincere hopes and aspirations made with unwavering motivation,
dö dön drubpé gé tsen bar gyur chik
May there be extensive signs of the fulfilment of our wishes!

The Buddhist monk Tenzin Gyatso composed this prayer for the longevity of Mumé Yeshe Tsomo,
the reincarnation of Jetsünma Mingyur Paldrön, in response to a request from Khen Rinpoche
Jigme Phuntsok, the successor of Padma, Lord of the Victorious Ones, and from several monastic
and lay practitioners who have pure devotion and samaya commitment. It was written at
Tekchen Chöling in Dharamsala on the 16th day of the seventh month in the Iron Dragon year
of the seventeenth calendrical cycle (14 September 2000). May virtue and positivity abound!